(v1.5) add harvester ui extension page (#717)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/harvester-ui-extension.md

| --------------------------| ------------------------------- | ------------------------   |
| v1.3.0 / v1.3.1 / v1.3.2  | v1.0.2                          | Rancher 2.10.1             |
| v1.4.1                    | v1.0.3                          | Rancher 2.10.1             |
| v1.4.2                    | v1.0.4                          | Rancher 2.10.1             |
| v1.5.0                    | v1.5.0                          | Rancher 2.11.0             |

## Install on Rancher 2.10

:::caution
Rancher 2.8 and 2.9 do not support to install Harvester UI Extension, only Rancher 2.10.0 and later version support
:::

### Automatically Install

We provide `auto install` process to install Harvester UI Extension with one button click.

1. On the Rancher UI, go to **Virtualization Management** screen.

1. Click `Install` button and allow some time for the extension to be installed, and the page will auto refresh once the installation process is done. Don't navigate to other pages while in installation process, otherwise the auto process will fail. 

 ![](/img/v1.5/rancher/auto-install-ui-extension.png)

### Manually Install

> If auto installation process is failed, you can also setup Harvester UI Extension repository URL and install it manually.

Reviewer: Should we add a screenshot of a failed installation ?

Author: Added.

 
1. On the Rancher UI, go to **local > Apps > Repositories**.

1. Click **Create** button, give a repository name and choose the second option `Git repository containing Helm chart or cluster template definitions`.

  Fill in the following properties:
    - Git Repo URL: **https://github.com/harvester/harvester-ui-extension**
    - Git Branch: **gh-pages**
  
  ![](/img/v1.5/rancher/ui-extension-app-repository-setup.png)

1. Go to the **Extensions** screen, click **install** in Available tab.

  ![](/img/v1.5/rancher/ui-extension-available-tab.png)

## Upgrade Harvester UI Extension

### Automatically Upgrade
1. On the Rancher UI, go to the **Virtualization Management**.

> 1. Click `Update` button and allow some time for the extension to be upgraded, and the page will auto refresh once the upgrade process is done.

Reviewer: Please mention that the Upgrade button will be visible when a new Extension version is available

| --------------------------| ------------------------------- | ------------------------   |
| v1.3.0 / v1.3.1 / v1.3.2  | v1.0.2                          | Rancher 2.10.1             |
| v1.4.1                    | v1.0.3                          | Rancher 2.10.1             |
| v1.4.2                    | v1.0.4                          | Rancher 2.10.1             |
| v1.5.0                    | v1.5.0                          | Rancher 2.11.0             |

## Installation on Rancher 2.10

:::caution
Rancher 2.8 and 2.9 do not support to install Harvester UI Extension, only Rancher 2.10.0 and later version support
:::

### Automatic Installation

We provide `auto install` process to install Harvester UI Extension with a single click.

1. In the Rancher UI, navigate to the **Virtualization Management** screen.

1. Click the `Install` button and allow some time for the extension to install. The page will automatically refresh once the installation is complete.

Note: Do not navigate away during the installation process, as this may cause it to fail.

 ![](/img/v1.5/rancher/auto-install-ui-extension.png)

### Manual Installation

> If the automatic installation fails, you can manually set up the Harvester UI Extension repository URL and install it.
> 
>   ![](/img/v1.5/rancher/ui-extension-install-failed.png)
> 
>  
> 1. In the Rancher UI, go to **local > Apps > Repositories**.
> 
> 1. Click the **Create** button, give a repository name and select `Git repository containing Helm chart or cluster template definitions`.
> 
>   Enter the following properties:
>     - Git Repo URL: **https://github.com/harvester/harvester-ui-extension**
>     - Git Branch: **gh-pages**
>   
>   ![](/img/v1.5/rancher/ui-extension-app-repository-setup.png)
> 
> 1. Navigate to the **Extensions** screen and click **Install** under the Available tab.
> 
>   ![](/img/v1.5/rancher/ui-extension-available-tab.png)
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the automatic installation fails, you can specify the Harvester UI Extension repository URL and then install the extension.

![](/img/v1.5/rancher/ui-extension-install-failed.png)

1. On the Rancher UI, go to **local > Apps > Repositories**, and then click **Create**.

    ![](/img/v1.5/rancher/ui-extension-app-repository-setup.png)

1. Configure the following settings:

    - Name: Specify a name for the repository.
    - Target: Select **Git repository containing Helm chart or cluster template definitions**.
    - Git Repo URL: Specify **https://github.com/harvester/harvester-ui-extension**.
    - Git Branch: Specify **gh-pages**.

1. Click **Create**.

1. Go to **Extensions > Available**.

    ![](/img/v1.5/rancher/ui-extension-available-tab.png)

1. Locate the extension named **Harvester**, and then click **Install**.
```
